Hello, everyone! My name is Zhisheng Huang, a student from school of geodesy and geomatics WHU, majoring in photogrammetry and remote sensing. Through my undergraduate courses, I find my interest in image processing, because of abundant information it contains and variety of knowledge it involves such as pattern recognition, deep learning and signal processing, which make me feel there is a lot of potential within images. I hope by getting those knowledge, I can have both the ability to handle specific problems and my own contributions to the field. About research, though it is not blank, there is no solid creative achievements so far, due to lack of tools we already have and more frustratingly sometimes it is just hard to union a research team, when they have different expectations. some of them participate only to look for an experience to go through the whole process. About study, I do a pretty decent job in my undergraduate courses, and the rest of time after class, I devote most of it to extend my scope of knowledge, directed by interests, which help me a lot improve my self-study skills, obtain fundamental understanding about cs and gain an insight into linear algebra and calculus. About awards, I win several scholarships, but it is still a pity to lose national scholarship because of insufficient activity credits. Finally, about future blueprint, I hope I can learn something new every single day and try my best so I will not regret someday. Pursing a PhD abroad may be my long-term goal. That is all, thank you for your listening.